[Music]
very good my dearest lover of the
heart I hope you're having a
spectacular day and that you're
enjoying Thursday no we already have
the weekend right here and well I
wanted to make this video to detail
an article that Jesús
Manuel Ruiz just released he sent it to me on
WhatsApp and I said Right now I'm commenting on
this because what you're
saying here is true friends by the way
listen to me on Sunday at 8 Jesús
Manuel Ruiz is coming we're going to be commenting on the
latest updates from the heart he
has a lot to say or he's really
looking forward to Vero and he also told me that he
has a couple of surprises for you so
please I mean I'm telling you
not to miss it please
everyone everyone who's watching
this video mark it in your calendars
Sunday at 8 on Tele Salcedo Jesús
Manuel Ruiz is coming back okay it would be a long
time since he came I mean he never
left no it's not like he's coming back because he
left but on Sunday we have him here
with us okay family I'm
always delighted to have him here
because the truth is he contributes so much
I love it the two hours that I'm talking to him fly by and I really like you guys too so it works like that whenever he wants to come he's going to be invited I'm going to be leaving you in the description in the description not in the
pinned comment better so you can
find it faster a
new application okay I'm going to tell you this very
clearly so there's no detour or
misunderstanding or anything like that okay
for those of you who use funny and
social networks okay
tiktok You already know which is a social network the
strongest right now I think it's
the most powerful along with YouTube
Twitter Facebook and all of them No well if this
right now is the one that's giving strong
they've released a second application which is
for well sharing other content
photos and such we're going to be out there
creating content and also Speaking
bluntly they pay you because you download the
application and they pay me okay you
download the application the link
is in the pinned comment okay you
put my code that I'm also
going to be leaving for you in the pinned link you
can do this while  you're
listening to the video you do it in four
minutes you do it okay you download the
application in the link that you have in the
pinned comment you put My code you
look for this little gift and that's it every day you click
there Log in every day
you log in for a week and they pay you
okay they give you free money for doing it
not in any scam I'm
talking to you straight because I'm not going to
promote anything weird besides that's
all I mean it would be a tremendous scandal
if such a famous company fronted
whoever wants to do it whoever doesn't want to do it, do
n't do it but they pay me
to promote it So if you
download it you're going to help me because
if you can't Maybe many times
becoming super chat members and things like that, well
Hey it's one more possibility for
whoever wants to contribute something and help me
but apart from that they either give
you money free money which isn't bad
okay or you get a little dinner or whatever and
then if you share it with more people they
pay you more money I mean like I
know how to do it yeah  you want okay I'm speaking
very clearly with you with
all the confidence that I have in you I
tell you they pay you and you claim the payment
and you get the money because I'm not going to
lie okay I'm Javier Oliveira
everyone knows me and this is real okay It
turns out that Jesús Manuel Ruiz has
noticed a detail that the truth is I hadn't
noticed or rather when we've spent
these days talking about the last
episode and the last debate no and the
things that happened there none of us have
noticed this detail that
Jesús Manuel is telling us in which he is
absolutely right or rather he is
absolutely right you know that there was
Well this last episode was
completely dedicated to Antonio there being
an abuser because she
feels like it I mean it doesn't matter what
the judges say But it's not what
she tells you the story no but what
she's trying to Well on many occasions and precisely
today I was talking about it with a colleague
you maybe you are not filing a
false complaint you are completely
convinced that what has been done
against you is abuse it is
gender violence not what you are
reporting this gender violence
in the case of rociíto is that your partner has
always been talking on television
and that your children are not on your side and
such, they are already telling you in
court, they are already telling you in
court that no, it is not abuse, in other words,
if you want, it should go through civil means and
that all the discussions that you two
have, but it is not abuse, it's worth it to
me what seems to me to have a very
thick skin on the part of the television factory
that on top of that they have already been condemned for
violating the honor of Antonio David that
they are no longer the story of rociíto but
they also want to convince you
so that you think that Antonio David
was an abuser and that everything he has
done is gender violence, even
calling him strange names, not
media violence, not cell phone violence, not
stair violence, not
road violence, in other words,
these progressives of today are inventing nonsense that they make no
sense at all, no What is the
issue that at the end of that
last program that we were analyzing
in depth at the end of that program
rociíto dedicates some very
independent words to each member of the team
to Jorge Javier to the director to this one to the
other and as
Jesús Manuel Ruiz is saying here, he had absolutely
nothing for Carlota Corredera okay And now I'm
going to go further no Because even
if we were a little twisted no And if
we wanted to take things literally well we
could say no well let's see what
happens is that Carlota Corredera has not
presented this well Carlota Corredera
has not presented a specific cusserie state
But she has come out terribly harmed she
has come out terribly harmed because she has been
the visible face of the documentary alongside
Rocío on all the social networks and
everywhere when she went to collect her
Meninas award in anything goes she was
also involved when the trailers
when the demands on Sálvame in a
lot of things okay Even in Sálvame
Diario well we have had episodes of
Carlota de Corredera stopped and to
give away okay But well going a little
further no here Jesús Manuel says
the absence of a few words of remembrance
towards the presenter who left her voice
body and soul in defending the testimony
of abuse of Antonio David Flores
towards Rocío Carrasco alleged and far
from the State of  right Carlota corredera
take the reins of the program in the
second installment of the first part
Rocío tell the truth to stay alive
the first broadcast is presented by the
communicator from Badalona First and last
then comes the woman who carries the flag
of feminism or feminism without hesitation
Jorge Javier presented a gala but
then Carlota corredera takes it all and
caused rejection throughout Spain okay But
now I'm going to take it a step further to everything that
my friend Jesús Manuel is saying here
and I'll tell you a little thing and I'll
tell you a little thing
And why doesn't he mention Sandra Barneda either
What's really going on Maybe
the theory that I had is true remind you This
video remind you This video on the
main channel well on the main channel
here you have it too okay
the truth behind the immediate dismissal
of Sandra Barneda by Rocío Carrasco I don't
know if you remember that there was a day
when Sandra Sandra barneda put
Rocío Carrasco in a pretty difficult position
by questioning the
statements she was making
about Raquel Mosquera okay Rocío
Carrasco was left like very shocked, not
like hesitating, no. And she says, but if
you haven't brought papers, you haven't
brought any of this, you know what you're
talking about here, no, to Sandra Barneda,
even though she was at the presentation,
at the presentation that Albert Domenech already said.
No. How strange that at the
presentation they didn't have a plan or they
had. I mean, we already knew about
Temptation Island and the
possibility of Sandra leaving or
presenting just a few galas hadn't been raised and then it's not
worth it. And now the end comes and they don't
even dedicate a few words to Sandra
Barneda, who is her friend, eh, I mean, she
's not only a presenter
but she's her friend in real life. I'll
leave it there, family. I'll be reading the
comments box to see what
you all think, but I'm clear about it. I send you
a huge hug and until the next
video.
[Music]